---
layout: default
title: Cold Cold Ground - News
active: news
---
<hr />

<div class="date">Oct 1st, 2010</div>

h3. St. Petersburg show cancelled, lineup changes coming

Unfortunately CCG has had to cancel St. Petersburg show on Halloween. The reason for this is that the band's lineup is changing. Further information about this will be published when the situation has stabilized. 

Cold Cold Ground is really sorry about this. The band hopes to play in Russia in the near future when the new lineup is ready for it.

<hr />

<div class="date">Sep 2nd, 2010</div>

h3. Warming up for Project Pitchfork

Cold Cold Ground will support "Project Pitchfork":http://www.pitchfork.de/englisch.html at Gloria, Helsinki, on Friday 22.10.2010. Welcome everybody!

<hr />

<div class="date">Sep 1st, 2010</div>

h3. Cold Cold Ground goes to Russia

CCG has been booked to play at Club Arctica, St. Petersburg, at their annual Halloween party. See you there!

<hr />

<div class="date">Aug 23th, 2010</div>

h3. Thanks to everybody at Helsinki and Tampere shows

Cold Cold Ground would like to thank everybody at our Helsinki and Tampere shows with Man.Machine.Industry last week.

Next up is Roihuvuori festival (Roihuvuoren kyl&auml;juhla) on Friday 27th of August! It will be an interesting mix of hip hop and rock, with "Notkea Rotta":http://www.monsp.com/notkearotta/ and Cold Cold Ground as the headliners and many local bands playing too.

<hr />

<div class="date">Aug 18th, 2010</div>

h3. This Side of Depravity OUT NOW!

The wait is finally over for the highly anticipated CCG debut album. Now available for mail order worldwide from "Record Shop X":http://www.recordshopx.com/artist/cold_cold_ground/this_side_of_depravity/. 

In Finland the album is also available at a record store near you!

<hr />

<div class="date">Aug 17th, 2010</div>

h3. This Side of Depravity listening party

Cold Cold Ground's debut record is released tomorrow. To celebrate this remarkable event, CCG will have a listening party at "Bar B&auml;kk&auml;ri, Helsinki":http://www.backstagebar.fi/ tomorrow evening (Wednesday 18th of August). Everybody is welcome there! 

And don't miss the official record release show at "On the Rocks":http://www.ontherocks.fi/ on Thursday, 19th of August!

<hr />

<div class="date">Jul 24th, 2010</div>

h3. This Side of Depravity release party

This Side of Depravity record release party will be held at On the Rocks, Helsinki, on the 19th of August. Cold Cold Ground will play there and "man.machine.industry":http://www.myspace.com/manmachineindustry from Sweden is the first act, so be sure to mark this day in your calendars.

This Side of Depravity album can also now be pre-ordered from "Levykauppa &Auml;x":http://www.levykauppax.fi/artist/cold_cold_ground/this_side_of_depravity/. Order now and get the album to your home on the release day, 18.8.2010.

<hr />

<div class="date">Jul 5th, 2010</div>

h3. Disintegrating digital single out NOW!

Check your favorite online music store immediately!

"iTunes":http://itunes.apple.com/us/album/disintegrating/id377876630?i=377876674&ign-mpt=uo%3D4 (World)

"Radio Rock Store":http://digistore.radiorock.fi/album/Cold_Cold_Ground/Disintegrating/3003B2DD-BFC9-400B-9287-D56C08BBDA29/ (Finland)

"MTV3 Store":http://download.mtv3.fi/album/Cold_Cold_Ground/Disintegrating/3003B2DD-BFC9-400B-9287-D56C08BBDA29/ (Finland)

"Amazon.com":http://www.amazon.com/Disintegrating/dp/B003TE4KGY/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=dmusic&qid=1278416661&sr=8-1&tag=vglnk-c9-20 (USA)

"Amazon.co.uk":http://www.amazon.co.uk/Disintegrating/dp/B003TN27KG/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&s=dmusic&qid=1278440042&sr=8-2 (UK)

<hr />

<div class="date">Jun 9th, 2010</div>

h3. Disintegrating single release on 5th of July

Cold Cold Ground's song "Disintegrating" will be released as a single by Osasto-A records. The official release date is 5.7.2010.

<hr />

<div class="date">May 22th, 2010</div>

h3. NEW VIDEO, RECORD DEAL AND ALBUM RELEASE DATE!

This is a big day in the history of Cold Cold Ground.

First of all, CCG has released a new music video for "You Will Break" from the upcoming album. Watch some real visual art on YouTube: "http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W1bns9RKZ7c":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W1bns9RKZ7c. The video can also be watched on the "VIDEO" page of this website.

Second piece of good news: Cold Cold Ground has signed a record deal with Osasto-A records. The search for a publisher is finally over.

And third, but not least: The release date of Cold Cold Ground's debut album "This Side of Depravity" can be announced now. The album will be released on the 18th of August. Mark 18.08.2010 in your calendars now!

<hr />

<div class="date">May 19th, 2010</div>

h3. Disintegrating on Finnish television

Finnish TV channel Nelonen (Channel Four Finland) has chosen CCG's song "Disintegrating" for the promotion campaign of season 4 of series "Criminal Minds". Watch the promotion clip on "YouTube!":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_3ubD31sdg

<hr />

<div class="date">April 26th, 2010</div>

h3. Vote for CCG to play at Trash Fest IV!

Cold Cold Ground will soon release some good news about their upcoming debut album.

Meanwhile, you can go and vote CCG to play at Trash Fest IV: "http://www.mamatrash.com/votefortfivbands.htm":http://www.mamatrash.com/votefortfivbands.htm

<hr />

<div class="date">April 13th, 2010</div>

h3. Kuudes linja show in real time on Livetarium

Cold Cold Ground's show at Kuudes linja on Thursday, 15th of April will be streamed live on "Livetarium":http://www.livetarium.com/live.html. You can watch the show from the comfort of your home in real time. Of course, to get the most from CCG's live show, it is still better to be there physically. 

<hr />

<div class="date">April 7th, 2010</div>

h3. Cold Cold Ground US Support Team founded

"Cold Cold Ground US Support Team":http://www.myspace.com/ccgus has been founded! If you live in the USA (or are otherwise interested), check out their "MySpace page":http://www.myspace.com/ccgus. 

<hr />

<div class="date">March 18th, 2010</div>

h3. Two reviews of Trash Fest III

Two nice reviews of Trash Fest III have been published in "Stalker Magazine":http://www.stalker.cd/index.php?lang=1&content=22&kat=stalker_special&id=197&&lang=2 and "Tempelores":http://tempelores.com/?p=2061.

Highlight of the Stalker review (about CCG):
"Misfits meets The Prodigy - I've hardly ever heard so many f-words in one sentence, or such nice sing-alongs like "Die with a dick in your mouth"... very entertaining! (KW)" 

<hr />

<div class="date">March 11th, 2010</div>

h3. Last call for record labels

Cold Cold Ground's debut album "This Side of Depravity" is ready to be released and the band is searching for an appropriate label and/or distribution company to co-operate with. Contact CCG soon!

<hr />

<div class="date">March 5th, 2010</div>

h3. Trash Fest III starts today at Nosturi!

Today, Friday the 5th of March, Trash Fest III starts at Nosturi. Cold Cold Ground will play tomorrow on Saturday. Welcome!

<hr />

<div class="date">March 1st, 2010</div>

h3. CCG to warm up for Turmion K&auml;til&ouml;t at Tavastia, 19.3.2010!

"Turmion K&auml;til&ouml;t":http://turmion-katilot.info/ has chosen Cold Cold Ground as their warm up act at Tavastia, 19th of March. Be there!

<hr />

<div class="date">February 24th, 2010</div>

h3. Cold Cold Ground will tear up Dante's Highlight next Friday

On Friday, 26th of February, Cold Cold Ground and the inimitable "THE iNSULT THAT MADE A MAN OUT OF MAC":http://www.insult.fi/ are going to perform at Dante's Highlight, Helsinki. 

<hr />

<div class="date">January 28th, 2010</div>

h3. Cold Cold Ground on Felixstowe Radio today!

Cold Cold Ground is played today on Felixstowe Radio! Check out the Facebook event for more details: "http://www.facebook.com/pages/Mark-on-Felixstowe-Radio/173700676749":http://www.facebook.com/pages/Mark-on-Felixstowe-Radio/173700676749

<hr />

<div class="date">January 10th, 2010</div>

h3. Hauptmann D interview on Gothic International

An interview of Hauptmann D (in English) has been published on "Gothic International":http://www.gothicinternational.com/?p=272. Enjoy!

Also, there is a review of CCG's gig with V for Violence in "Tempelores Magazine":http://tempelores.com/?p=1593#more-1593.

<hr />

h3. "Older News (History of Cold Cold Ground)":history.html

